Six Flags Great America is one of the
leading Six Flags parks in the chain and
is home to a great collection of thrill
rides and roller coasters and family
attractions and so one might wonder at
one point what could they be adding next
that's what I'm doing in this video I'm
going to be making predictions based off
of speculation and current rumors going
around in the industry to determine what
the park might be looking to do in the
future but before we look into the
future we first have to look at the past
oftentimes you can determine a parks
future by looking at what they've added
in past five years Six Flags Great
America has had a pretty good past five
years they've added two new
rollercoasters X Flight and Goliath they
got a new show some kiddie rides and
expanded the waterpark that's a pretty
good diverse collection of attractions
so I'd expect the same diversity in the
next five years let's first start off
with 2016 where I'm predicting that Six
Flags Great America will be receiving a
Justice League dark ride this would not
even slightly surprise me because they
have the Victorian building just sitting
there just waiting for the Justice
League dark ride to go in it it would be
a perfect fit and it wouldn't be too far
away from other DC themed attractions I
am very confident that the park will be
receiving this next year so if your own
Park is sick thugz Grande merica this is
what I would expect the park to receive
next year 2017 could be a few things but
I think that we might be looking at
seeing a super loop come to the park
this would be a pretty good fit they
could use another thrill ride and of
course we know how six bikes works of
course we'll try to market it as a
roller coaster even though we all know
it's not what everyone kind of
criticizes these things but these things
really aren't bad rides the only thing
that stinks about them is when Six Flags
tries to convince us that their roller
coasters of course may be by 2017 Six
Flags is kind of over the whole super
loop thing and a new flat ride will be
hot and popular so they might install
that instead as of right now in 2015
that seems like a good possibility and
if Six Flags Great America were to
receive a super loop then I think that
you could expect it in the spot where
ragin Cajun once stood and in 2018 I
think that we'll be seeing the next
roller coaster this will have been four
years since the last Coast
they added which will have been kalaiy
ahthe in 2014 and what the park could
use is a really good multi launch
coaster they have v2 vertical velocity
except that's an intimate impulse
coaster it's not a full circuit a full
circuit coaster by premier rides would
be an awesome fit in 2019 I think that
they should expand Hurricane Harbor the
last time they will have expanded it was
in 2011 so this will have been eight
years which actually is a long time so
wouldn't surprise me if we see the
expansion earlier Hurricane Harbor is
one of those water parks that doesn't
have some capsule slides we've seen Six
Flags install some of those at previous
parks like Six Flags New England at six
bikes America where they called it
bonzai pipelines I could see some bonzai
pipelines going in at Hurricane Harbor
at Six Flags Great America and finally I
think that they should add some family
rides Six Flags has installed some
flying scooters at some fair parks these
are great family attractions they don't
have to be kiddie rides summarize that
the whole family can enjoy would work
great so that concludes my five-year
plan for Six Flags Great America if I
were in charge of the park and this is
probably what I would do I think that
the next five years should be well
rounded and I think that my predictions
for the park are some good rides because
we're seeing a new roller coaster we're
seeing a thrilling flat ride and
expansion to the waterpark some family
rides and a dark ride as a good
diversity now will this come true it's
certainly possible but often times parks
for me unpredictable and when you're
looking five years into the future
that's a long time and some new ride
could easily come along a new
manufacturer could be creating the
hottest thing some ride that doesn't
even exist right now so of course I
can't make that prediction if it doesn't
exist right now but as of 2015 looking
into the future this is what would make
Six Flags Great America a better park